Kubernetes IoT docs (#2661)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/proc-iot-api.adoc

+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes"]
----
ifeval::["{cmdcli}" == "kubectl"]
{cmdcli} -n myapp get addressspace iot -o 'jsonpath={.status.caCert}' | base64 --decode > target/config/hono-demo-certs-jar/tls.crt
endif::[]
ifeval::["{cmdcli}" == "oc"]
{cmdcli} -n myapp get addressspace iot -o jsonpath={.status.endpointStatuses[?\(@.name==\'messaging\'\)].cert} | base64 --decode > target/config/hono-demo-certs-jar/tls.crt
endif::[]
----

> . Export messaging endpoint host and port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Export messaging endpoint host and port:
```

+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes"]
----
export MESSAGING_HOST=$({cmdcli} -n myapp get addressspace iot -o jsonpath={.status.endpointStatuses[?\(@.name==\'messaging\'\)].externalHost})
export MESSAGING_PORT=443
----
ifeval::["{cmdcli}" == "kubectl"]
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you're running Kubeneretes in development environment without proper load balancer, you need to use IP address of your local cluster and the port of the appropriate service, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running Kubernetes in a development environment without a proper load balancer, you need to use the IP address of your local cluster and the port of the appropriate service; for example:
```
